good friends we are in a new video
Today I'll show how to recover their
playstation accounts
is the link on this page I'm going to
leave in description the only thing they have
what to do is click on the link and
answer the following form that
he asks for the name surname mail
electronic phone serial number the
serial number that I 'm going to show you is
this one here who comes behind his
playstation where is to connect the
Ethernet cable
the hdmi and the current
and everyone is going to have
I recommend them that they do not have a sheet
so they can report what is their
playstation account
once you have the number d
they write down their idea
they notice it again, write down their address
that they put in their account they write down their
zip code from
that they put
in this little box that
once you get it here
they will open a chat window that
yes, I recommend you have a
English and Spanish translator
English so they can
so they can understand what they are going to
say since when giving of
present is going to open a window of
chat
playstation support assistant that
It's from the USA
then you should write
English
problems they have with the translator
I want to know I want to be able to recover my
account
translate and just like this in English what
copy and paste it
and they will be answering they have to
so translate to understand
and they will be asking for what their life is
email and he's going to tell you that
You will access your account
once you access it
he is going to tell you
and they are from the country of the USA they will tend
the other country if they are going to give
telephone numbers with which
you can talk
to the sound providers of your country
write down the number on a piece of paper
and good and following the options of
phone menu that they will go
granting
someone from playstation support and you
they are going to clarify all the points that
I want to see if I can recover my account
and they will be asking for the same data
what are the mail
they are going to send some emails like this
I recommend you
session
they are going to change them
this because my account was stolen and
I just recovered
then once you read
ask them that they will ask you
equal serial number
you already have it written down that they spend it
behind from behind so there's no
no mistake
for all downloads and everything
that's all we see